“The rest of it he makes into a god.
“He worships it.
“He prays to it and says:
‘Save me, for you are my god.’”
That’s not right.
If we’re going to worship Jehovah,
then we need to go to the temple.
Grandfather said that—
Never mind what your grandfather said!
You can be loyal to Jehovah
and to Baal
or any other god at the same time.
When the king does not search for Jehovah,
everyone suffers.
What if you’re wrong?
What if Baal worship is important?
I want to finish the cleansing work my grandfather started.
This will not go down as easily as they think.
He’s endangering himself,
his family, and our entire nation.
Jehovah, have I gone too far?
What if Josiah is right?
Right about what?
What if there really is only one true God?
How long do we have to endure this?
However long it takes.